doc: Adding initial docs for v 0.2 (#74)
konstructio/colony-docs: docs/install/colony-prod/install-colony.md

---
title: Install & Asset Discovery
description: Review the details you need to install Colony and discover assets
sidebar_position: 2
---

## Summary

After reviewing the [required prerequisites](../colony-prod/prereqs-colony.md), refer to the details below to install Colony.

## Step 1 - Installing Colony

> The following installation instructions apply to Colony version 0.02-rc1.

Reviewer: This will apply to all versions of this minor release `v0.2` (there will be some follow-up patch versions). So I'd recommend pinning it to that.

```suggestion
The following installation instructions apply to Colony version `v0.2`.
```

    ```bash

>     git clone -b ipmi https://github.com/konstructio/colony.git

Reviewer: Should just be the main branch.

```suggestion
    git clone https://github.com/konstructio/colony.git
```

    cd colony
    go build .
    ```

## Step 2 - Create Your API Key

1. Navigate to `https://colony.konstruct.io/`
2. Log in with any of the options listed, this step creates your data center (and unique ID for the data center)
3. Go to **API Keys** and select **Create New API Key**.

**Save this information in a safe place, it only displays once.**

## Step 3 - Run the Colony `init`

    ```bash
    ./colony init \
    --api-key $YOUR_COLONY_API_KEY \
    --load-balancer-interface <asset-managment-interface> \
    --load-balancer-ip <ip-address>
    ```
 
    ```bash
    export KUBECONFIG=~/.colony/config
    ```

> To manually patch the colony-agent image until we publish a new release
> 
>     ```bash
>     kubectl -n tink-system set image deployment/colony-colony-agent \
>     colony-agent=ghcr.io/konstructio/colony-agent:93fde8b
>     ```

Reviewer: If this is for `v0.2` I'd just scrap this since this will be the new release.
```suggestion
```

---
title: Install & Asset Discovery
description: Review the details you need to install Colony and discover assets
sidebar_position: 2
---

## Summary

After reviewing the [required prerequisites](../colony-prod/prereqs-colony.md), refer to the details below to install Colony.

## Installing Required Packages

    ```bash
    apt update && apt install wget
    ```

Refer to [Docker Documentation](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/setup/install/linux/) for Docker’s system requirements.

    ```bash
    curl -fsSL https://get.docker.com -o get-docker.sh
    sh get-docker.sh
    ```

Add your user to the Docker group. Skip this step if you are `root` user

    ```bash
    sudo usermod -aG docker $USER
    ```

> After running the command you might need to exit your current session and start new one. To test your permissions to interact with the Docker daemon run

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After running the command you might need to exit your current session and start new one. To test whether your user account has access to the Docker daemon,run
```

    ```bash
    docker run docker.io/hello-world
    ```

Refer to the linked documentation for more post-installation [steps in Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/linux-postinstall/)

For kubectl, use the following:

    ```bash
    wget "https://dl.k8s.io/release/v1.31.2/bin/linux/amd64/kubectl" sudo install -o kubectl /usr/bin/local
    chmod 555 /usr/bin/local/kubectl
    ```

## Installing Colony

> The following installation instructions apply to Colony version 0.02-rc1 (code named `Christmas-night`).

Reviewer 2: Ahh...I added this as a joke, I don't thin we should include the `code named `Christmas-night`
